thanks for watching hey you know what i
you don't have to watch i know that you
could be you could be on tick-tock
watching the young people dance right
now but here we are
on world health day and guess what the
world isn't that healthy today
on the world is actually pretty sickly
there were 62
000 new cases of covet here in the
united states alone yesterday and this
is interesting
five states account for nearly half of
the new
covent infections new york new jersey
michigan pennsylvania
and yes florida what were the chances it
wouldn't be florida
some of the states make sense you know
new jersey has the highest population
density
new york has the biggest city florida's
whole economy is based on strangers
drinking jungle juice and grinding on
each other but
pennsylvania and michigan what the hell
are you guys up to
you know there are only 176 people per
square mile
in michigan get on a pontoon boat and
wait it out already
will ya the good news is we've been
averaging more than 3 million shots a
day
the white house says that by the end of
this weekend almost half of american
adults will have had their first dose
of the vaccine the question is will they
come back for the second dose health
officials have seen a rise
in what they call vaccine hesitancy
because some people feel
sick after their second shot and then
they tell people and then people go i'm
not going to go get the second shot but
you know what else makes you feel sick
covet makes you feel very sick over 19.
specifically so dr fouti
is strongly urging americans to go in
for their second shot he reiterated that
it takes two
to make the thing go right and um
then he brought up rob basin did the
whole song it was awesome bud
and why would you stop after getting the
first dose it's like getting half a
haircut
getting the vaccine think of it this way
it's like adopting a pet
you need that second pet so the first
one has something to play with
right we are still being encouraged to
wear masks and with that in mind
will i am of the black-eyed peas has
teamed up with honeywell
to offer what they call the super mask
it's super with
an x as in expensive starting tomorrow
it'll be available for 299 dollars the
mask comes with
ventilation filters led lights and noise
canceling earbuds
which will come in handy when everyone's
laughing at you for spending 300
on the mask that's will i am wearing the
mask
it looks like if shredder from the ninja
turtles moved to brooklyn
but i don't know seems to me this mask
is
a little 2000 and late you know as they
said
i mean not only are we coming out of
this
i already designed a super mask we
unveiled it on the show last night it's
called the mask shirt
and it this thing is on fire we got a we
got a huge outpouring of feedback
including uh like from the great peter
frampton who gave it a thumbs up on
twitter so
that's a solid endorsement we got the
framp stamp of approval you hear that
gamer if we can
just keep this coveted going we're going
to make millions off of this
yes that's right a lot of money
florida congressman matt gates could use
uh one of our masked shirts to
cover his face right now the new york
times reported last night
gates asked trump for a pardon about
four months ago
he's said to have asked for a blanket
preemptive pardon
from then president trump during the
final weeks of the administration where
that's not suspicious you know
wait you know you haven't done anything
wrong when you check in with the
president to ask for a pardon in case
you happen to get
accused of a sex crime somewhere down
the line it's not abnormal
the pardon request was reportedly seen
as a non-starter at the white house
which is that's saying a lot considering
donald trump once wanted to nuke a
hurricane
but the reason the white house denied
the preemptive pardon
for matt gates is because they thought
it would set a bad precedent
at the time they were only interested in
setting terrible precedents but
bad president should be the title of
trump's autobiography that really is
that's got a ring to it team gates is
pushing back on the report of course
according to his spokesperson gates
wasn't asking
for a pardon for himself specifically he
asked trump for a blanket pardon
for everyone from himself to joe exotic
right that makes sense trump weighed in
on the story with a two-sentence
statement congressman matt
gates has never asked me for a pardon it
must also be remembered
that he has totally denied the
accusations against him
yes it must i guess that was the best
trump could do for gates now that he
doesn't have twitter anymore you know
his advisors
uh according to maggie haberman of the
times talked him out of a
full-throated defense of gates which is
sad because
matt gates really was the son donald
trump never had even though
he had a couple meanwhile the son he
didn't want don jr was
on something called the victory channel
last night
celebrating the three-month anniversary
of his father causing a riot
although it is interesting to me that i
see the fbi tweeting daily here's a
picture of someone that was seen near
the capitol
on january 6 but notice you never see
them talking about
10 months of looting rioting
arson murder that was done by antifa
and similar terrorist groups around the
country antifa
well aren't you fancy antipa
does he think it's an italian word this
is by this is his thing now changing
pronunciations candidates who are
fighting for the maga movement fighting
for the american worker i want to make
sure we're fighting for those mago
republicans and maga conservatives
maga it's marga now it's maga and
antifa what an um
you know other unwanted offspring news
andrew giuliani
son of count dracula says he's strongly
considering a run for governor of new
york
uh that's andrew giuliani he's 35 his
dad is already said to be planning a big
fundraiser
at the ritz cracker factory in new
jersey
junior giuliani worked in the trump
white house as a special assistant
to the president where his job and this
is for real his job was to coordinate
sports teams visits to the white house
basically he was the guy who called
burger king and said
i need 200 whoppers with cheese please
and while he may be young andrew
giuliani got a very early start in
politics as a hype man for his dad back
in 1994
when rudy was mayor of new york to my
mother helen who is
84 years old
she must have given him 10 bucks in his
birthday card that year
that's that's new york's next governor
right there
in major motion picture news remember
those pesky little peeps that were all
over your carpet last week
well there's now there's going to be a
movie about them there's a film in the
works based on peeps
which sounds uh like a terrible idea but
hey people thought a movie about emojis
would be a terrible idea too
and and oh they were right yes they were
right but maybe this would be different
the movie
they say it will follow a ragtag group
of peeps characters who set out on a
cross-country journey
in order to attend peepsfest and annual
brand celebration in pennsylvania
spoiler alert they all get killed in the
microwave
some ideas you're like oh why didn't
they think of that before the other i
just saw why did they think of that
anyway we did some spitballing around
the office today we came up with some
pete movie ideas of our own
we even made posters for them and i
hereby pitch
the following peep related projects to
hollywood here we go
james and the giant peep peep fiction
peep impact nightmare on elm peep
peeping beauty peeping with the enemy
peeper by the dozen
peep throat and the soon-to-be classic
starring none other than
tom hanks i left her by the telescopes
[Music]
you're annie
yeah and he was in seattle
we replaced meg ryan with a peep it's a
tough business it really is
and one more item of importance
wrestlemania 37 is this weekend
streaming live
on saturday and sunday at 8 eastern on
peacock and one of the men you'll see in
the ring
is wwe superstar the miz the miz is a
very straightforward guy he never
sugarcoats anything and
that is what you need in the workplace
so we hid some cameras
in our conference room we set some
meetings with our real co-workers we
told them
they were getting a corporate
performance review which is something
that's never
happened here before so i don't know why
they believed it but here is ms deep
undercover
as an agent of abc hr
[Music]
come on in hello
i'm mike i'm mickey i've been asked to
come here and give you a job performance
review oh
i've never had like an official one
before
very upbeat i love my job you're known
as cousin mickey right why is that
um i am a cousin to many
um but i normally don't tell people
because
you know i don't want to sound like i'm
pregnant but jimmy is my cousin
don't you think that's something that
you should disclose to human resources
well um well i would think that they
would know
all right are you ready for your
performance review yes please yes please
look at those those are manners there we
go
well let me tell you something mickey
your co-workers find you relentlessly
upbeat and positive in fact they find it
exhausting
but you spread cheer around the office
on a daily basis and they appreciate
that because there's a lot of haters out
there
that think they think that that you only
got your job because of nepotism do you
know what we say to those morons
big again
[Applause]
yes
[Music]
because you are very good at your job
thank you because you are a beautiful
sparkly
unicorn goddess and don't you forget it
now
get out of here and go smile and be
happy
and stop coming near me
this is really awkward and weird thank
you very much okay
bye bye bye hello
come on in how do you feel you're doing
your job
um pretty good yeah what do you feel
you're best at i've had a lot of
attention to everything
attention to detail attention to jimmy
trying to keep everybody happy
and have you ever used marijuana
oh yes i have yes often you're open
about that oh yeah
yes ever on the job not on the job
after the job or perform the job but not
on the job have you ever
done all right i smoked with snoop one
so that was on the job
on the job yes sir let me ask you one
more question
yes sir do you think you should just
boss people around
because you're managing a stage no
that was a rhetorical question because
you can and you
have to because these people are animals
when you first got here
people looked at they said hey look at
this skittish british blog and you took
all that negativity and you used it to
fuel your fire to become the best
damn stage manager either side of the
pond
now sure you have an occasional toke
here and there but you're so good at
your job you need performance
de-enhancing drugs are you thirsty
you're a little thirsty well here's a
glass you need a class
you don't need any of that you know what
stand up
stand up and scream i love stage
managing
i love stuff i want more damage
i love stage
[Applause]
hey how are you please have a seat okay
have you ever taken anything out of the
office that was the sole property
of the walt disney company
nothing
nothing if they have food i eat it
they have tequila you know i just
grabbed the bottle and
have you ever drank on the job
all the time i want to drink a job i
want to drink money to thirsty
does that alcohol help you laugh at
jimmy's jokes
you got some time yeah are those laughs
pretty genuine
sometimes yeah sometimes you're the
security guard here right
so let me ask you something am i
supposed to be scared of you
no i'm not a crazy guy
here bro you're wearing slacks in that
little tunnel
that's a clip-on a good one jimmy kimmel
is a
famous man he needs the type of
protection
a hero of his caliber deserves stand up
guillermo
stand up show them what you got so much
throw it up your mo take off your
shirt show
that's right show them you're the champ
that's right
flex show them your guns say i'm the
champion
do you know what pa stands for the
production assistant no
not when you do it it stands for power
alpha do you want to watch tv on this do
you do you want to watch tv on this
there is a tv we're not watching that
don't just slam that churchy i'm the
champ
slam the chip right there
thank you at least straighten everybody
out
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't
click anyway and close your eyes when
they come on